it's crazy like what on earth why do
people expend so much energy in hating
you so the first thing to understand is
that that has nothing to do with you
like Lily I know I was talking about how
you were amazing and inspirational and
you can transform lives and all that
good stuff I don't think you have it
within you to inspire someone to mail
something that comes from them it
doesn't come from you
yeah are you feeling okay I'm getting
over a cold
that's unfortunate yeah
what do you what do you do to take care
of yourself when you get a cold um I try
to take my quote equal a lot of cough
drops try to drink a lot of water um try
to sleep
does that when you say try to sleep is
it do you not get enough sleep um yeah
wait lately
trouble sleeping I'm sorry to hear that
is that because you're sick um no just
in general I don't know just recently to
look at me hmm I'm not supposed to
dispense medical advice over the
internet so this is not medical advice
yeah so recent studies have shown that
honey lemon tea is actually equally
effective to over-the-counter cough
remedies
I mean cold remedies when it comes to
actually treating symptoms okay so it's
it's kind of bizarre but apparently like
honey lemon tea works just as well and I
don't have a reference at my fingertips
for that right now but I think it's
actually they were looking at kids so
this is a pediatric journal so if you
I'm honey lemon tea I you know works
well I I drink it a lot when I'm sick
and it has vitamin C and other
anti-inflammatory properties that can be
good for you okay I've been drinking tea
too good just doing everything I can to
get very good so and what am i what am i
calling you
i I really Lily okay so hi I'm Alec or
nice to meet you so can you help me
understand a little bit about what we're
talking about today
sure um I don't understand myself
I thought we were talking about feelings
or something okay
you don't understand yourself that's
that's a great topic you do not
understand your feelings is also a great
topic ooh
sometimes people have a particular thing
that they like to talk about or focus on
so I was just curious if that's the case
with you I'm not sure okay
that's that's so can you tell me a
little bit
about hmm do you I'm just curious about
if I should just ask you about sleep and
we can kind of get through things get to
thinking that well so how long have you
had trouble sleeping like two months
what's been going on over the last
couple of months um I broke up with my
boyfriend hold on one sec oh okay sorry
[ __ ] hello hi okay she's kind of loud
okay thank you all right fine
so my mods try to sometimes get my
attention when I'm talking to people but
I'm so absorbed in the person that I'm
talking to that that I've given them
permission to call my cell phone and
they were saying that you're too loud is
she better now
hello testing okay okay okay okay all
right so you were saying two months ago
you broke up with your boyfriend yeah
yeah then you haven't been able to sleep
since then I'm not well cuz I guess
we're just kidding he he cheated on me
so [ __ ]
yeah it was super super hard I'm sorry
ever since then uh yes Lee thing's
really hard what happens when you try to
sleep
um so usually sorry Hilda
so um let's pause for a second what are
you feeling
hey what are you apologizing for I can't
control in that where do you get the
presumption that you have to control
being sad where does that come from okay
um okay yeah just nothing is a bad habit
I'm trying to break that okay so I want
to point something out so if you're
apologizing for nothing is a bad habit
and you're trying to break that are you
judging yourself for apologizing too
much yeah yeah right so so that's
something that we're gonna keep an eye
on because I think that something about
we're just gonna put a pin in that we'll
come back to that I'm sure how does it
do you do you feel like you're not
allowed to be sad well I stream feeling
angry um so uh I don't like like I don't
want to seem like I'm throwing like a
pity party I guess cuz um like I don't
want to appear like I'm not strong but I
don't think you know yeah so the topic
figure yeah so do you think that okay so
this is great
I'm glad we're talking about this what
do you think so if you are sad on stream
what is that how do you understand the
impact of that is that like a good thing
or is it a bad thing are you
disappointing people I think sometimes I
rely too much on like sadness or
depression or stuff like that I joke
about it a lot because that's I think a
lot of my I do a lot of stuff defecating
camera and stuff like that I'm trying to
not because I don't want to be seen it's
like I don't want that to just be me
right does that make sense
yeah so let's understand something very
subtle that you said I don't want to be
seen as and I don't want that to be me
yeah those are two very different things
okay does that make sense or no yeah
yeah so I I I agree so I think this is
what I've already noticed with streamers
is that the person it gets confusing
like who you are because you don't want
to be seen a certain way and you don't
want to be a certain way but the way
that you're perceived in the person that
you are are like fundamentally different
things but I think a lot of times people
get into trouble because they start can
like those two things become blended
okay so that makes sense so what are you
can it comes to being sad why do you
apologize for feeling sad let's not
judge it let's not say it's bad because
I don't necessarily think it's bad let's
try to understand why you're doing that
and where that's coming from I guess I
feel bad that I fall back on like
depression humor and joking about it
like too much like every time I turn on
my stream and I talk about my feelings
or whatever it always comes back to like
depression or sadness or something like
that and I don't like that I guess what
don't you like about that I feel like I
should be more positive what I don't
like people watch me to feel sadder
okay so let's great so let's explore
that for a second if you talk about
sadness how do you think other people
feel who are watching um sometimes they
say like it's cool that I talk about
sadness because they can relate but
other times I get the feeling that all
Lily's talking about depression again
you know you get that feeling hmm
right so let's let's title down into
what you said again because I think this
is important sometimes people say that
it resonates with them and it helps them
rule
and other times you get the feeling that
Oh Lilly's talking about sadness again
yeah do people say Oh Lilly's talking
about sadness again um very rarely yeah
so how do you understand that I guess I
take it too seriously it's not I don't
think I think that's like a very
minority yeah most people find it
relatable but yeah I yeah I guess I
worry that I talk about it too much
anyway I don't know if that's good or
not yeah so let's take a step back from
what's good and what's not good because
in my experience judgment doesn't help
us so much I think let's start with
understanding and then we can sort of
decide from a clearer mindset like what
we want to do and what we don't want to
do like what we want to cultivate and
what we don't but I'm already noticing
that if you're concerned about something
how do you think that shapes your
perception of whether that thing is
happening or not if I'm worried about
something I feel like it becomes a
reality even if it's not real absolutely
absolutely that's exactly what it does
right so if I'm concerned that my hair
is look silly
and then I'm walking down the street and
someone looks in my direction I just
automatically assumed that they're
looking at my hair because it's silly
even though it's a street and they're
just gonna be people looking in my
direction right so you're absolutely
correct that sometimes if we are
concerned about something we feel like
we get information to reinforce it yeah
let it get to my head too much yeah
so that - but that's normal right so I
I'm noticing subtle amounts of judgement
when you say I let it get to my head too
much that implies that you should do you
should there's another side to that
statement which is that you should let
it get to your head less do you see that
yeah and so these statements the self
self-critical statements are like
they're very reflexive for you yeah they
are they've always done this and I wish
I didn't but it's it just slips out I
yeah yeah yeah so so that that's a
pattern of the mind and it's unfortunate
that you do that in the sense that it
causes you suffering but I do think that
we can try to understand like where you
learned how to do that and hopefully
teach you a different way to like think
about yourself um but let me just kind
of go back to this the streaming thing
because I think so I'm gonna just think
for a second is that okay oh I'm just
I'm just trying to make a mental list of
like stuff to think about and not lose
track of
okay so I'm gonna go back to the
statement that you made that you're you
sometimes you feel like you talk about
it too much
hmm so in the context of what we're
talking about now this is kind of a
weird abstract read my mind question but
what do you think about that what do you
think you actually talk about depression
too much I genuinely think sometimes I
do fall back on it too much because well
when you stream like every day for
exemplary there's only so many things
you can talk about yourself like stream
knows a lot of things about me already
right and I guess I kind of habit I just
talk about depression because I was such
a big part of my life and and if you if
you talk about it too much like what is
that how do you know what's too much I
guess it's just my own personal way of
quantifying it like oh I talked about
this last team and the last dream I
shouldn't talk about this dream I like
made a joke about it again
oops yeah so why do you think people
come back to your stream like do you
think people are looking for like it in
general when you're watching something
on Twitch how do you decide who to watch
I don't know why people watch it do you
have do you have a yeah but do you watch
people on Twitch I'm making assumption
that's me
I watch my friends a lot okay so and
let's talk about restaurants actually so
when you're going to a restaurant why do
people like do you go to like you have
some favorite restaurants in the area
yes okay so like what are some of your
favorite restaurants there's this really
nice Thai place and has really nice
tasty and it's walking distance oh wait
you mean that you go to the Thai
restaurant again and again for Thai iced
tea yeah you don't go for something
different every time um sometimes I do
sometimes I feel like I'll explore the
menu a little but mostly because it's
walking distance and it's good and it's
cheap and yeah yeah sort of consistently
you go there for consistency right yes
so in general like when I watch things
like I know I tend to watch things like
so when I I I mean I I like dota okay
and I know you sometimes play League of
Legends right
do you like League of Legends less so
but I know that that's gonna catch if
you play League of Legends I don't play
League of Legends oh you don't think of
Legends yeah I'm sorry No um but you
know I I probably should because most of
the people that I know play League of
Legends so I may install so but when I
when I went for example like when I
watch like when I go to like the dota
streamers like I'm not going to the dota
streamers to watch football hmm or
cooking I'm going to them to watch dota
and why do you think I mean you sort of
talk about so you're you talk about
depression a fair amount on stream
mm-hmm you think you talk about it too
much but what I'm guessing is that based
on what you've told me like it sounds
like that resonates with people and
maybe part of what they like about
stream is that you can play League of
Legends and you probably have some fun
other content that you do and sometimes
you talk about depression hmm and that
the people who probably feel a little
bit sad and lonely and are somehow
inspired by some of the work that you do
like to see that you're like a complex
human being who has a full range of
feelings because it sort of allows them
to have a full range of feelings what do
you think about that painting a
wholesome like when you see it like that
so when when you say paints it in a very
wholesome life I'm wondering I'm
wondering is that is there a part of you
that's sort of like yeah that sounds
great but that's not really how it is
it's like I want to believe that good
right but you don't 60 percent believe
it yeah yeah so that's what I'm saying
is that is that there's a there's a
there's an undercurrent of a but which
is perfectly fine so let's just notice
that right which is that I'm painting it
in a rosy light but that there's like
something else that's like there's a
that's kind of like [ __ ] yeah okay
so good yeah what a sight you said
always cyanea yeah that's good I I live
on yeah so our goal here is to
understand the different voices in your
head right so there's a part of you that
sort of thinks that in theory what I'm
saying is fine but that just doesn't
feel real to you yeah okay I have days
where I'm like yeah people are watching
me because they like watching me I'm
cool like I'm awesome
days are I'm like dude you don't deserve
these here's how daddies there are days
and and what kind of person doesn't
deserve those viewers can we talk about
the person that you are on those days
sure um okay well I think I got into
shaming by like complete look really
like if you start streaming now I know
like the market is like super saturated
right super hard to get into I was lucky
to start years ago when it wasn't that
saturated I'm lucky enough to have like
I live in a streamer house that helped
me a lot um when I got cheated on my
boyfriend like two months ago that that
told drama I gave me like a huge influx
of viewers so that was like very sudden
right like I got thousands of views for
some reason um
so sometimes on those days it's like am
i doing enough to deserve this success
and I I think that makes a
sensed have you I'm gonna think for a
second is that okay yeah thanks for
there somebody just gifted a bunch of
subs
Bongiorno thanks for the gifted subs oh
and thanks for the rate the other day I
didn't realize but thank you
oh yeah you're welcome
okay so you sometimes have self-critical
thoughts about about yourself right like
you sort of say that I don't deserve so
let me ask actually ask you this is it
that you don't know what you've done to
deserve this
and you're pleasantly surprised or is
there a part of you that feels like
actually you don't deserve this I'm like
pleasantly surprised like okay I feel so
lucky sometimes that's just really hard
to take in like wow what did I do to
deserve you
yeah so okay very good so why is it hard
to take in
[Music]
emotional what are you calling when I
ask that question what are you feeling
you
[Music]
I feel anything bad yeah just take a
minute let's just feel what you're
feeling close your eyes for a second
tell me what you're feeling physically
in your body thank you
what does that mean
I feel frustrated I try to talk and
can't tell you if I cry I'm trying not
to cry it's very frustrating
yeah so let's let's try not to talk
because let's just talk about this for a
second okay you're coming on here with
the expectation that you're supposed to
talk yeah yeah that's not what you're
here for
because you talking is for who I don't
think so because because if I mean I
think I think you talking is probably
more for the viewers right oh yes yeah
so let's not worry about them because I
try my best I mean I I mean no offense
to anyone who's watching but like I
think that the this is really just about
me in here this is a conversation
between two people that thousands of
people people happen to be watching but
let's not try to do something for them
let's just try to do something for you
and if that means periods of awkward
silence then periods of awkward silence
okay because I think what is actually
going to benefit them the most is if you
instead of trying to push down your
feelings and talk to give a performance
you just give yourself the time and
space to feel what you feel you
understand what you feel and then I
think that's what helps people so you
know and we'll get back to the sadness
because I can see it's going away a
little bit yeah yeah it is going away
yeah sorry sometimes yeah good good okay
okay how what's that about
crying yeah like what do you mean I cry
a lot
I just feel like therapeutic sometimes
just crying letting it out like I just
want to let it out yeah do you feel
better afterward I do I think yeah did
you cry on stream oh I try not to okay
okay so I think the most recent batch of
crying happened when I asked you why
it's hard for you to that feeling lucky
is like like it's hard for you right so
feeling like people actually care about
you and that you're lucky and that you
know you're successful like it seems to
be that it feels kind of it's hard for
you why do you think that is how do you
understand that
um can I think it ties into the whole
like uh because I got the influx of you
is right from the drama thing whatever
that and I just wonder what I'm doing
really like yeah I turn on my stream I
do my thing you know like I talked my
feelings or you draw or like play music
or whatever right but sometimes I do it
and I'm just like it's just like
entertaining like is this fun to watch
it I why and I don't I don't think I'm
like special yeah okay so I think what
I'm hearing from you is you don't
deserve what the world is giving you and
then some things people say like oh you
only have yours cuz you're a girl or
like you have a cute voice are you
faking your voice or whatever that help
do you say about me um or like it's just
because if your roommate story more
popular than you or and how does that
sit with you ah doesn't make me feel
good because I'd want people to watch me
because uh just because of Mary yeah but
yeah I'd awful things like there's like
a bunch of people out there who are you
know talent
what more talented more pretty prettier
for entertaining so sometimes a and I'm
so worried about like relevancy to in
which she me is super important you
could be a nobody in a month right and
this is my job okay so I'm hearing a lot
of different things I'm gonna try to try
to go through these like one at a time
so the first is that there's a part of
me that feels like you don't feel like
you deserve success that's why you use
the word luck right like like if we
think about why people invoke luck it's
because like luck is on one end of the
spectrum in like something that you
deserve or worked for or earned like
earned and locker on two opposite ends
of the spectrum right and there may be
luck involved I don't know but but the
first thing that I understand when you
say that you kind of feel lucky so
there's a there's a difference between
feeling privileged and grateful that
people are interested in you and
supporting you and things like that and
I get the sense that you definitely feel
that way and there's also like another
feeling that can happen which is like
what's sort of wrong with these people
and why are they interested in you
because there are people who are as you
put it prettier and what my talented
yeah they're better than you right so
that implies to me that somewhere along
the way you feel like you don't you got
the idea or there's a part of you that
believes that you don't deserve to be
successful
and so my question for you and then
there's the haters which we'll get to in
a second but my question to you is like
how long have you felt like you don't
deserve to be happy or successful um I
feel like it's like since I started
almost because I got into this job by
luck you know when you first start off I
think a lot of things are kind of I love
hina you kind of stumble upon it oh all
of a sudden it's my my job I can do this
and I used to be super inconsistent even
more so than now I used to literally
just not get out of bed and maybe stream
like once a month if my fans are lucky
um I use a super low effort super super
and like for some reason they still
dance who would still watch me right so
luckily I got into this streamer house
that helped motivate me to work more and
become more consistent stream yeah I
guess and also that again I keep
bringing this up it was a huge thing
where I got my good pooped on my furious
right all of a sudden almost overnight
and then I mean you think like oh what
can I do - like deserve these views how
can I make them stay how can I me how
can I feel like I'm like be happiest
this type of streamer I guess okay can
you help me understand what what
happened I mean you you because you you
do keep coming back to this so you got
an influx of viewers because you got
cheated on by your boyfriend yeah in a
very public manner
it was super public even my parents
heard about it it was like there are
articles it was just [ __ ] ton sorry I'm
a little crazy yeah I think so like just
okay tons of videos about it
um threads people messaging me like it
was overwhelming me so I'm new to twitch
so can you help me understand why your
boyfriend on cheating on you
we were a very public couple so you guys
are like you're like a celebrity right I
mean I don't like the word either but
from the Boomer world where I come from
yeah yeah okay fine like pseudos live
it's not right so like I've never heard
I mean so I have you know I know people
in my life who sometimes deal with
infidelity and I've never heard about
anyone writing articles about it okay
yeah okay so yeah there were some
articles there yeah it's because they
were a very public couple I involved him
in a lot of my content actually like
everything good
I dream we did music together we
collapse together like I'm a super
serious about because when I when it
comes to relationships I'm very like if
I choose someone I'm hard committing I
see you myself with you for the rest of
my life so yeah we were together for two
years or so and I found out when I was
in Japan and another country um with him
with all of my friends I mean I didn't
want it to blow up but
sorry they'll feel bad about that
like if there's one thing I could change
it would be I would try to make it more
private break nicely instead like
everyone knows about it and I felt bad
because he also got like a lot of hate
anyone scissors
even if
ever since then that's where the trouble
sleeping comes from I think from then I
haven't been able to really sleep I've
been trained to distract myself um let
distract yourself from what and how do
you feel sad what does that mean sad I'm
sad because I wish it didn't happen I
wish the entire Internet I wish things
could just go back to normal
how do I know it's never gonna be like
that again um I've been trying to ya
distract myself just try them on you
know I feel sometimes feel like just
kind of weak I guess I feel like I
should be over it I know okay Lily
I don't think sad is the best word to
describe what you're going through I
think what you need to do to move on so
first of all you know I know that you
blame yourself for not being good enough
and that's a thing so I'd like to talk
you know at some point maybe we can talk
about that maybe not today actually
because I'm getting the sense that maybe
understand
is actually even a little bit premature
just just with where you are and I think
the first thing that I'd like to share
with you is that I think what you need
to do is grieve I don't know if you've
ever thought about it like this
I tried craving um I know it's bad but I
drank a lot just crying letting it all
out I and I think like there are days
where I'm like okay I'm good um I can do
this but then I get these where it's
late
[ __ ] it this hurts
yeah so I don't think drinking is
griefing oh it's not like open district
I know it's bad yeah I know yeah so so
let's just think about grief so like
what are the things that you do when you
grieve for someone if you have you like
is someone that you care about passed
away you have to be a person so so if we
think about like when someone can we is
it okay if we talk about that for a
second okay because because what I'm
hearing from you is that you'd like to
move on from this right and in in a
sense I think you're doing a good job
because there are days that you're able
to like kind of fully function it sounds
like you're able to find joy and
happiness and pleasure in life and then
there are days where this thing kind of
like rears its ugly head yeah and
unfortunately that's how grief works so
grief doesn't it's not like you beat a
level it's like it's like you know once
you beat a level like you randomly go
back to that level when grief decides
that we're gonna go back to that place
but I wonder if there's also some ways
in which we can help you move on I mean
I even want to say like faster sounds
like the wrong sentiment but for us to
understand what you're going through and
if there's some way that like if we can
understand what you're going through
maybe we can make the process easier or
less bumpy for you and my first thought
is like when you think about someone
that you lost do you think that you've
grieved for that person or animal
appropriately like you feel like you've
you're you're in a good place with that
oh all I do is just cry is that good
yeah sure but I mean do you still feel
do you still cry about the person that
you lost I do I do
does it feel like does it feel bad when
you try again cathartic yeah so that's
that's important right so like II there
are two kinds of crying there's the
crying that sort of feels good at the
end of it and then there's the crying
that sort of can also sort of feel good
temporarily but isn't quite cathartic
and doesn't lead to less
there are two kinds of crime there's the
cathartic crying which over time leads
to less crying and processing of
feelings and then there's the crying
that sort of just is experiencing
awfulness that doesn't necessarily
decrease the amount of awfulness down
the road you with me yes and what what
are we calling your boyfriend what
should I you can it should I just say
your boyfriend or do you want to use a
name okay so when it comes to Albert you
know when you cry about that which way
does it feel that I lost it I want it
back but I can't like just a loss I
guess yeah so and this is gonna be kind
of weird but do you feel confident that
you can find being a good committed
healthy relationship again I don't know
if I want to commit and that idea is
like it's really scary no I guess cuz
yeah I put everything into this and he
did that so what's to say that's not
gonna happen again or it just feels very
scary like the idea of committing
yourself to one person no yeah
absolutely I think it I mean I imagine
if I were in your shoes I would be
terrified of it not only that because
like I hope where I'm just just really
being open with my viewers as well I
tell them a lot of things so if I were
in a relationship right I'd want to
share it I want them to be part of my
life but last time that Boston Public
it was so yeah probably became self I
can be so messy and like I totally like
deal with that every can you know scary
yeah so I'm noticing attention within
you and sort of like even if you had
another relationship do you sort of stay
true to kind of the unspoken promise
your fans which is that they get to see
the inside of your life and thereby open
yourself up to you know the pain of a
very public and you know commented on
break up where apparently he also got a
lot of hate or do you change the the way
that you interact with your fans which
sounds like it's probably compromising
or sacrificing something I don't know
yeah because it feels bad hiding such a
big part of my life
I like having if I had a significant
other I'd want them to be you know part
of what I do like I went to club with
them I want to spend time with them I
want to work with that I wanna I want to
do things with them solely its we like
your relationship with its Albert with
Albert was pretty perfect it seemed like
I thought I thought I'd marry I thought
it was like you know he was great I
really really loved him like he yeah we
lost somewhere in trees we we played
music together we we got along really
well I had no idea that he was an apple
see um how do you know he wasn't happy
cuz he we talked after words he he told
me the reasons why cuz I'm gonna to know
and yeah and I felt bad cuz he bottled a
lot of things into um I wish he total
but he didn't and that just manifested
in this really ugly manner and just felt
bad there's really bad what does that
mean bad that he couldn't tell me they
couldn't communicate with me like I
would have done anything to fix whatever
it really
but he told someone else like I know
you're not supposed to compare yourself
but hey I'm like what did they have that
I didn't mmm and I thought I was a good
girlfriend but I just yeah Lily there's
something very subtle in in honestly
dangerous that you're doing I think
you're accepting a lot of responsibility
for things that are not your
responsibility so like I'll just put it
to you bluntly like there's something
that really makes me angry at the
thought that someone feels like this
that if a relationship didn't work out
and I hear you say that I mean I have no
idea what kind of girlfriend you are or
what kind of boyfriend Albert is or so I
can't judge this but I hear this thread
consistently in what you're saying that
you kind of say I like you weren't good
enough of a girlfriend whereas like I
don't know if that's true right like I'm
hearing this theme of like I wasn't like
if if he had told me I could have done
something about it
and you feel like that sort of a
deficiency on your part that he wasn't
with me meals too clingy I don't know
maybe yeah right so so so just notice
what you're doing there is like you're
accepting responsibility for like
everything that happens around you right
that if you had been better he would
have been able to be more open if you
had been a more better girlfriend and
less clingy like he would have stayed if
you had been more entertaining or more
talented or more attractive you would
have gotten these viewers without drama
yeah do you see that thread so like I
think we've got it and I'm struggling
I'm really struggling here because
there's a part of me that says that
you're hurting right now and there is
something that is really at the top of
mind for you which is this relationship
and how you're kind of thinking about
yourself but there's another part of me
that says that all of this stuff comes
from like one common place because it's
like the same thing which is that like
Lily sometimes isn't good enough and I'd
like to understand I mean I I'm torn so
maybe you can help me out like what do
you think we should talk about should we
aren't try to understand where that
comes from
or should we talk about Albert and sleep
and how you feel in the process of
grieving I don't know okay well that
makes two of us maybe the first one done
okay so I can you I'm gonna quaint us
okay what are your choice like II just
um I mean so so that the choices are
like do you want to talk about the last
two months and sleeping and grieving and
relationships how do you want to talk
about where you got the idea that you're
not good enough maybe not good enough
fun okay that seems more yeah what
happened to your indecisiveness make a
decision I feel bad stalling okay I
could live with that so he asked you how
long have you so you know when you feel
like you don't deserve success let's say
and I know that you don't always feel
that way right so this is something that
no it's almost exactly so so like let's
just
first appreciate that it's almost like
something there's like a dormant Lily
there's like the Lily who doesn't think
that she's like good enough can we like
conceptualize her that way okay and then
sometimes like is there some way that
you can think of that we can kind of put
a name to her Lily - Lily - okay and so
is there some way that
sohow and Lily - like sometimes wakes up
in your mind right there are days that
you something is happening like some
days you get out of bed and it's like
Lily - who's running the show and you're
self-critical in your self judgmental
and there are other days where it's like
regular Lily is running the show and
here you can feel grateful what yeah I
like that yeah feeling like that I wish
I could feel like that every day we're
gonna get there okay I mean maybe not at
the end of the hour but we're gonna get
there so and then there's a certain I
there's certain things that like even if
Lily one is regular lily is waking up
and is living your day something can
happen at 3:00 p.m. where the lily -
sort of takes over rightly some kind of
interaction yeah or someone says
something to you yes right so Lily - is
like a part of you that wakes up or goes
to sleep yeah yeah and and so the
solution that we have is oddly enough
not executing Lily - and dumping her in
the river
what steel Apple I know you would but
that's not how it works and that's what
happens every time you know you drink to
excess or whatever like that's what
distraction and coping is its pushing
Lily to away what we actually need to do
is like like let's act let's just think
for a second how does Lily to feel to
feel yeah dread okay
dread about what every
yeah so dread I think of his fear so
Lily too is afraid of certain things
happening what is she afraid of
everything like aa career yep and what
is the fear about her career streaming
is seems volatile yep scary yep I want
to do other things
I have other dreams then I don't know if
I can fulfill them trying my best
this doesn't sound like Lily - to me
sorry this is only 1 or 2 it 3 you know
we're talking about Lily - so-so
and that's okay so let me just try to
avenge or something right so I would be
I would imagine that if Lily 2 is waking
up which is sort of like the sad
depressed Lily - isn't good enough it's
that she won't be able to cut it
streaming that one day she's gonna wake
up and what she's afraid of is that
people are gonna realize that she
doesn't deserve the success that she's
getting and that they're gonna kind of
see you for who you are and they're
gonna move on to someone else
yeah is that a fear of Lily - is that
accurate that's the fear okay okay so
what do you think that person needs if
your friend was like let's say like you
say you live in a house full of
streamers right so if one of your
friends says like voices those fears to
you uh-huh
what do you do for her or him I tell her
reassure them that they are good enough
but they they're they are good they're
great they got here for a reason
yeah like you to support them okay and
how does that work for your friend um
they would appreciate it yeah and so
what do you say - Lily - is that what
you say - - Lily - I try sometimes good
that's impressive
that that's really good how does that
work um sometimes it works you know like
I tell myself like yeah you're good
enough you can do this like people like
you you're you're great you know you're
good and that's great and the diesel
works it's great and on the days that it
doesn't it doesn't work it's just like
ah [ __ ] everything I'm going back to bed
yeah so so like I just wanted to point
that out to you for a second because
what you're doing - Lily - when you say
actually you are good enough and and you
have worked hard and from what I hear
from you I think you are I mean who
deserves success is sort of a separate
issue but I hear a lot about what you've
worked hard to do and I mean I think
you're deserving of your success for the
simple reason that you were telling me
that you used to be consistent and then
it sounds like you made a lot of large
scale changes to your life and you put
forth a lot of effort into like actually
you know doing a good job and that in
spite of actually a lot of internal
demons that you struggle with you still
managed stream somewhat consistently and
things like that which i think is really
amazing and also that doesn't so there's
some days where that wins but but there
are other days where it loses and I just
want to point out that that's not
actually like shooting Lily - and
dumping her in the river right $0.07
like there's a part of you that wants to
dump her in the river and I suspect that
that's part of the reason why this is so
hard for you to shake because I actually
think that you know there's there's like
a fight between like Lily one and Lily -
but what you described is not a fight
between Lily one and Lily - its Lily one
doing what for Lily -
getting rid of her know what no right so
when you tell yourself what do you tell
yourself when sometimes you're feeling
down oh um yeah you're good enough is
that getting rid of her
no it's not um try to
supporter yeah absolutely that's the
very opposite of getting rid of her yeah
sorry yeah yeah so so I think it's it's
it's a normal it's something that's very
confusing and Lily I think you're
actually one step ahead of the game
because most people when they when they
have a part of themselves that feels
like they're
you know very self-critical self
judgmental where you feel like you're
not good enough you want to get rid of
them right like when I asked you like
you want to dump them in the river you
like hell yes I want to be happy for the
rest of my life what what what I think
you actually need to do which I'm really
happy to hear that you're able to do
this for yourself is actually like like
actually I'm not gonna say that I'm
gonna ask you a few more questions right
so let's let's think about where the
lily 2 comes from so how long have you
like when like do you remember feeling
that way like in the past yeah but how
long has Lily 2 and let's just be clear
so who is Lily - the past one the [ __ ]
John yep and and more specifically what
do we mean by depressed and sad scared
ok scared I think
do you so I would say that what I'm
hearing from you is that like Lily -
isn't good enough
oh yeah that that that - so it sounds
like there's more to it no I mean if
there is that's fine so let's just try
to understand so like when you're
feeling sad and depressed when it comes
to thinking about Albert is there a part
of you that feels like you know there's
a part of you that's sad because you had
something beautiful and now it's gone
and there's also this part of you that
creates these thoughts like oh if I had
done this then he would have stayed if I
had been better at listening if I had
been less clingy then that could have
worked out sometimes right it's
you
okay so when you say sometimes are there
how can I put this I think there's a
healthy sadness and there's an unhealthy
sadness within you and that I think the
healthy sadness is just you know kind of
the normal sadness and sometimes that
can be cathartic as you put it but then
there's an unhealthy sadness where you
think certain thoughts about yourself
and how the relationship made you feel
that's not quite the same as like
fearing relationships in the future and
stuff because that's kind of a different
thing but I do think there's like
actually more than just two lilies
there's like lilies three and there's
Lily four but right there are a lot of
lilies and and what I'd like to focus on
is the one who leads you to thoughts
like you were too clingy or if you had
been better he would have talked to you
or things like that
does that make sense we're gonna focus
on her so how long have you felt like
you're kind of undeserving of success or
that you're kind of not good enough okay
I don't know if I can pinpoint it but it
okay feels like it's been like just
there all my life right okay do you have
any memories of like things that
happened when you were young that sort
of made you feel that way yeah so I
remember when I was younger my parents
very very traditional Korean they
wouldn't mean a coda like good college
and stuff right um I got depression in
high school and that made me feel like
not good enough and I ended up almost
failing and went to Community College
and then I had no idea what to do with
my life I have nothing to offer really
so I stumble upon YouTube and streaming
just by chance I started like you know
cute little videos but voice acting and
like art and stuff like that people ate
it so I started doing that
um but even throughout all that I wasn't
consistent I thought everything I made
was like whatever but it gave me
something to do so I continued what do
you mean by got depressed in high school
oh I used to fight a lot with my parents
I was very suicidal very very depressed
um it took my mom some time to realize
how serious it was she didn't believe me
at first uh and then I just felt like
really a failure I guess in high school
because I would not go I would not get
out of bed I would refuse to go to
school I almost missed the minimal
attendance think so I almost failed and
I remember I was talking with the
counselor and she was like yeah your GPA
is like 2 point 1 point z naught I don't
give a [ __ ] I just did not care I guess
I don't know but I mean it sounds like
the the fighting with your parents is a
consequence of your depression not the
origin of your depression mmm I guess I
don't know how the depression started I
really okay
don't can you tell me about what middle
school was like for you middle school
was okay actually like up until well
elementary school
okay so element is what it was a period
of time where I had no friends but two
three years that was hard and then I got
into middle school I moved and I've made
friends and I'm like okay I'm happy I
thought it was generally like a happy
time I was doing well in school I had
friends I was socializing it was fun I
went to high school the first year was
fine I remember I was like I had a lot
of hopes I want to go to college I want
to succeed I want to do a lot of things
and then like 10th grade started
fighting with my parents a lot I
retreated into the internet forums and
stuff what would you fight with your
parents about just remember it's like
they would be really angry at me for
[Music]
like just not going to school not
getting the dates or
just being really useless in general
like I literally did not do anything I
just stayed in bed all day and I was
playing a lot of video games at the time
they hated that they hated me going on
the computer so much that they hid
behind I used to hide the mouse in the
keyboard in the basement and when they
went to work I would bring it up I used
to put a lot of like MMORPGs a lot of
them I thought was like my escape
MMORPGs which ones yeah I used to play
back knock online a lot mmm I connect
online that was maplestory just every
like mo more appreciate around that time
like I just I played them all I tried
them all it was really fun and they got
into like I'd meet friends on the
internet so I'm like no I don't need
friends really yeah how did it feel when
your parents were angry with you I felt
really bad like I was disappointing them
and they would like we wanted these
fights were really really bad like there
were parts where she would she would
threaten to call like a psychiatric ward
and like take me in and stuff and like
she told me once I remember I can't
forget this like I was 15 years old she
was dropping me off at high school I
think I'm yeah high school of course and
and we had a fight in the car and she
she told me like she wished I was never
born
so that stuck with me for going my
relationship with my parents are great
by the way right now
it's like wonderful but back then it was
just so bad oh and then she won't feel
like um compare me to other treaties so
easy I know and I'm like and I'm just
like yeah whatever mom and I'll go back
to my MMORPG yeah yeah very even mm-hmm
they feel so many comments about my
weight too so I always felt like that
even though I wasn't that and then yeah
so how do you how would they how
that make you feel and we're not trying
to bash your parents here okay so I
think they just you know I have Asian
parents too I mean Indian parents but my
dad when we were young said so I have an
older brother and this is the story that
I would tell during med school
interviews so they would ask me why do
you want to be a doctor and then I well
my dad when we were growing up said one
of you is gonna be a doctor and one of
you is gonna be a lawyer
and my brother is older than I am so he
got to choose first and he got he went
to law school so here is that's funny
yeah so you know I I think I think Asian
and South Asian parents are very similar
in terms of you know you have a there's
a there's a very specific sense of what
successes in life and in a sense I come
to realize it's not their fault it's
just because that's the formula for them
right like that's how they got to this
country is by like working hard and and
not playing mmo's they did um come
around eventually obviously right yeah
and I think they realized how much they
[ __ ] up with me so like my brother and
I like to joke he's my younger brother
I'm like the beta product and he's like
the final product my brother had no
issues like he went to like an
engineering college he's he's great he's
fine he's super healthy and how are you
oh yeah Lee in the same way that you're
talking about your brother oh I I guess
I found success you know sorry um yeah
by chance miraculously my mom says it's
a miracle I somehow got here to where I
am and yeah still very like Wow to me so
yeah I didn't know what its gonna do
first of all sure
do you I'm still okay I'm gonna need a
second I'm just trying to understand so
I'm gonna say something and maybe this
is not gonna be fair but I'm just
curious whether twitch chat is as
confused as I am oh right like are you
guys confused or does this make sense to
you they say something wrong no no you
didn't say anything wrong it's just it
blows my mind that and it's hard because
I I think I think that I'm just gonna
think for a second
okay so I was about to say it blows my
mind that you're not able to see that
you have value I'm gonna steer clear
this word success but that that you have
immense value and that just because you
didn't find you didn't follow the road
that was scripted doesn't mean that you
didn't find your own way and that you
were you're deserving of respect because
even more so than like just going to an
engineering school like you struggled
and you found your own path you forged a
road like you you built a path that did
not exist before that despite all of
your difficulties and all of the
challenges that you faced including
depression including parents who are not
supportive back then in spite of all of
those things you managed to get to where
you are and it blows my mind that you
can't see it that way but of course you
can't see it that way
and the question is like well why not
and then it kind of comes back to I'm
gonna just keep going normally I would
stop because you're crying but I'm just
gonna plow forward is that okay Lily
okay um maybe I should ask you how you
feel but I'm just gonna keep going okay
so I think this is a cathartic cry
that's what I'm gonna guess yeah okay so
I'm gonna keep going
so so then the question like for a
second there I was about to say blows my
mind why you can't see that but then of
course like you've actually already
answered that and it comes back to
something that we talked about at the
beginning of the interview is when you
believe something about yourself like if
I believe that my hair is messed up and
someone is walking down the street like
I'm going to perceive that that person
is looking at my hair even though that
is like completely insane and this is
Lilly - Lilly - is the person who keeps
you from seeing that you were absolutely
amazing and deserving of love and
respect and that you've like forged a
path for yourself where despite being
and this is going to be bizarre
less talented and less attractive
thousands of people watch you every time
you stream
so rather than being undeserving if
we're really being if we're really being
scientific we have to conclude that you
have something else right like if you
think about your favorite restaurants
and the ones that have no no tablecloths
in crappy service and look like [ __ ]
and if people keep coming back over and
over and over why is that Lily
consistency of what the service sucks it
looks bad they like something about it
what do they like about the restaurant
could be anything
what are you okay so like maybe this is
a harder question than I'm thinking in a
spec so when I think about a restaurant
I think about like you know food service
ambiance wait times cleanliness and at
the end of the day I sometimes go to
restaurants that have bad service bad
ambiance and are dirty like a food truck
but they're like go for the cute waiter
you know even if everything else is they
could but why do they go back to that
restaurant the food thing absolutely is
at the end of the day what you put in
your mouth and what you're looking for
you get right like I said the end of the
day if people are coming back to a
restaurant it's for the [ __ ] food
okay and that you can make a good
argument I'm sure you can convince
yourself of this because your mom taught
you from a very young age just like my
parents did that you can compare
yourself to other people and then then
now I I kind of joke about it that you
know I'm every Indian parents dream and
every Indian kids worst nightmare
because I'm a harvard-trained physician
right so you can yeah and you can
convince yourself and compare yourself
but at the end of the day there's no
doubt in my mind that the people are
coming to watch you because of you and
it's not about Talent it's not about
appearance that you have the secret
sauce there's something just authentic
and amazing about the person that you
are that keeps people coming back
because like I work with a lot of people
who are sociopathic I work with a lot of
executives and you can't keep up and act
that long there's got to be something
legit you just can't do it like you can
fool the world for like a day a month
even a year but you've been doing this
for years and people keep coming back
and you're not able to see that because
you're not primed to see it and you're
not primed to see it because of Lily too
and when I hear about what your mom did
like it sort of makes sense right
because what did your mom what was sort
of like the TLDR of your the way you
know your parents treated you in high
school
what did you learn from them
disappointment absolutely right
disappointment why because what there we
go
right that and we see that that's where
the lily 2 is from and I don't I mean I
I feel like we're get bashing your
parents I really don't they just did the
best that they could and you know I had
I almost failed out too so with you from
playing too many video games not so much
mmo's more RTS and Diablo but you know
and III think I I just don't know I mean
it it it makes me sad to see that you
know you've just you've started to think
about yourself in a particular way in
terms of and it's actually like there's
a part of you that side but there's a
part of me that's kind of happy and this
is part of what's been confusing for me
is I think you've actually made a lot of
progress because I see Lily too but I
think it's amazing that you are able to
actually see that you do demonstrate
value and that like you aren't
disappointed like your fear is that like
when when I asked earlier like what is
Lily to feel you said dread and then I
asked dread of what and like you didn't
really give me an answer but I'd put
money that it's dread of disappointment
probably
so what was it like hearing me say that
clarity
but more clarity cathartic cry yeah well
let's go to your Chi that was inside so
let me and if you have questions and
stuff we can we can get to that but
so let me just start by saying this the
first thing is that
the other thing that I think is actually
really kind of cool and unfortunate is
that I think sometimes you know we
suffer and I think that I talk a lot
about Dharma which means duty or
responsibility and I think you are under
valuing your contribution to the world
because you kind of you've been
programmed to think about a contribution
in a particular way and you sort of say
like I talk too much about depression
maybe I should talk less about
depression but I think what people are
resonating with is that like a lot of
people who are watching on twitch feel
disappointed in themselves and feel like
the world is disappointed in them right
mm-hmm like there's a part of me that
says that every gamer is a little bit
broken like that sometimes right and and
I think that like that's something that
when you show that part of yourself and
what you've been through like they
resonate with that and I think that's
incredibly important for them because
like here's the thing you know when you
were 15 we haven't talked about this but
I imagine you felt incredibly incredibly
alone that you didn't understand what
was going on in your life and like the
people like no one understood you and
you didn't understand why like you tried
to be a different person you tried so
hard to be a different person and you
just could not figure out how to do it
and you were just busted old you and
like there's something really powerful
about people who are feeling that way
being able to watch you struggle and say
like oh wow like she's busted lily and
I'm busted me and she manages to do it
so I shouldn't give up and I think if
we're talking about like contributions
to the world like that's [ __ ] amazing
man so don't stop what you're doing and
they deserve like you deserve every
ounce of it not only do you deserve it
but they need you Lily it's not even
about you it's about like what you're
doing for that you make it sound very
cool
and there it is again right there's the
part of you that hesitates to believe I
use like 60% police Hey yeah so that's
progress that's that's what makes my
life hard because I think you've
actually done a lot of I know you've
done a lot of good work in terms of
understanding your 60% there and for
that last 40% this is kind of what I'll
leave you with is that you know that
person needs your compassion so that's
like 15 year old Lily who just got
yelled at and told that you know by her
mom that I wish you were never born and
she needs you she needs the strong
version of you she needs the person that
you've actually become the person who's
successful who can look back on her life
and say like because this is something
that I think you can do and I imagine
you do you know that like even if you're
lost and you feel hopeless like and you
went to Community College like you can
find you can find a life where you can
be you know you can have joy and
happiness and travel the world and like
there's a road for you like life isn't
over and so 15 year old Lily needs how
old are you now 20 needs 28 year old
like you need to be your own older
sister and there's there forty percent
of you still skeptical that's fine I
mean 600 sure okay thoughts questions no
like my brain is just blank I'm sorry
yeah that's okay that's what we're
shooting for so
you don't need to jumpstart it I would
just I would just sit sit with where you
are for a minute mm-hmm close your eyes
just feel no looking no peeking okay
okay good so do you do you have any
questions I mean like thinking of a
bunch of things right now on Trent
okay think of what to say I also wanted
to mention um like my parents are
definitely a big part of why I fear
disappointment I also can we talk about
hate for a second sure yeah I got a lot
of hate thirty years a lot there are so
many moments I wanted to quit because of
that because people who don't know me
make assumptions about me or talks me or
send me letters to my hope mhm
call me uh non-stop hate and I think
it's gotten better dealing with it
because you have to get better dealing
with it
when you do this kind of stuff right
when you have like yeah but there's
still some days where I read like one
thing and it's like a spiral
yeah yes it's hard and that's also I
think why I fear giving myself value
because sometimes I'm scared
if I see myself in a better light or
like a valuable light that just means
like it gives them more ammo I guess how
does it give them more ammo hmm I've
been told that if they can't [ __ ] on me
if I [ __ ] on me you know what I mean
like you can't insult me if they insult
myself yeah so that's very powerful and
potent you think yeah
deprecation yes I do that a lot
you
how long do you want to talk about this
Lily what do you want to really dive
into it or do you wanna do you have
somewhere to go you have to go somewhere
I mean um I need to go for my car in
about 25 minutes so I'm just trying to
understand so like if you want to have a
conversation which i think is very
productive I first of all just need to
take a little bit of a break because
this wears me out a little bit and
before you dive into it no no that's
it's fine it's just I'm I'm just trying
to think a little bit about you know if
you want a simple answer I can give you
that in five to ten minutes but if you
really want to dive into hate I think
that's fine I'm just gonna like drink
some water and and maybe use the
bathroom and then we can come back
refreshed and dive in how does like you
tell me what do you what you need to do
um yeah okay dive okay so I just need a
minute
yes so I'll be back in like five minutes
okay
okay okay so you guys talk to Lily okay
oh god okay
[Music]
all right thank you um okay so hatred
let's dive in or what so tell me so
you're saying that people send you hate
stuff yeah oh wait I need fix naming oh
yeah
and you were saying something this is
brilliant so you're saying that if you
you know if you don't build yourself up
they can't tear you down yes right so
I'm noticing an instinct to try to
protect you from some things but okay so
well well we'll get to that are you are
you up for a little bit more emotion or
you feel like you're spent know I love
emotions curling okay so we'll see what
happens but okay so all right so tell me
you know how does it so tell me about
why you know why bring this up with me
now like what's what's the motive I felt
like um the reason why I don't value
myself not only comes from you know my
upbringing my parents but also this too
and I felt like it wasn't you know
genuine if I didn't bring it up as well
like it felt like I should I guess I
should have so the first thing is that
this may not actually come from your
parents so I think your it coming from
your parents is an easy thing but the
number of streamers who I've talked not
just streamers but people who I talked
to who sort of say like you know I see
how what you said sort of relates but I
didn't mention this thing because I
didn't feel comfortable talking about it
on streem and oftentimes it comes from
somewhere else I just didn't want to
yeah yeah no no I'm just saying that a
lot of people will sort of I think it's
actually great that you're you're
choosing to bring it up because a lot of
people will like message me privately
afterwards and say like oh so I think
it's actually great that you did so how
do you think so it's it what I'm getting
from you is that instinctually hatred
seems to be a part of this equation like
that this discussion is not complete
without talking about sort of hatred and
how people are venomous towards a lot
yeah and can you tell me like so what
are we talking about are we talking
about like post streaming career or like
prior to streaming
um post okay
during I guess during yeah um so tell me
a little bit about what what you mean by
hatred and what happens and what you
expect like what you receive and how you
feel um okay so first my voice that I
want to hate for that Yad no people
really did not like it like just a lot
of hate over it yeah but it died down
for sure but it was really bad pardon me
because I'm just she only just be
completely ignorant but what on earth
does your voice have to do with it like
I don't even understand oh oh they
thought I was like freaking it I see
like they they think I'm faking it they
thought it well they still think I don't
know okay yeah but that's the crux of it
really like they think I'm thinking why
does why do they hate that like why
would anyone think you're hating your
voice I'm just so confused oh okay so
they think I'm faking my voice so they
think I'm faking it for attention and
then that gives way to like oh she's
just doing everything for it tension
she's fake or whatever oh I see okay got
it yeah yeah so what do you think about
that well nowadays I really don't care
anymore good like there's there's only
so many years you can get that in like
you know [ __ ] it and this is my voice
like I'm just gonna tuck in whatever is
comfortable for me like I'm just that's
it right what else can I do
yeah um so how does it make you how did
it make you feel when they when they
would you know hate on you and how does
someone hate on you for their voice what
do they actually say they say you're
faking your voice for attention is that
what in how that I don't know what the
hate mail this looks like okay
hey you're not talking in your real
voice but I'm not talking in my real
voice too
but that's that's okay you don't have to
do it like that you can do with it
whatever kind of voice you want to do
this we can do a little bit the German
accent we can do all kinds of the
different accents so all all kinds of
voices that are all fake everything is
false in the south meaning when you
order like that yeah it makes no sense
huh
but that's just one part of it is yeah
go ahead oh no no oh okay other part of
it is I think I don't know why they
there are people who just really didn't
like me like they would send me messages
where they were channeling psychoanalyze
me like this is why you do this like you
only do it for attention your fake
nothing about your you don't deserve
success like [ __ ] like that they do say
message me stuff like that okay and
that's like okay um that used to bother
me a lot back then especially when I was
them oh is it I was dating them before
Alfred a a public figure as well and
people would messaged me saying how oh
you're just dating them for attention
you're gold digger stuff like that and
that really bothered me because I don't
like being misunderstood
I guess cuz I'm not like that but they
believe that so I don't know sucked you
Risa
okay sure feel like I'm breaking him is
he okay is he's fine right he's okay I
just I feel bad oh and there was one
time yes someone sent me like a letter
to my house when I live with my parents
I don't know how they caught me I just
well probably pull up the docks and hey
yeah it was creepy do you send me a
seven-page letter saying how like
disparaging like everyone thought I was
hanging out with and that I wasn't good
for them it was just weird
oh okay
no seven-page I wish I kept it now it's
part of history but I threw it away I
British I burned it or something oh and
then there are people who message me
like after the whole Albert thing
happened like ah how I deserved to be
cheated on and like stuff like that and
I know this sounds like a stupid
question even me but like how does that
make you feel people those already like
in my own head but do you believe that
when they say it um in my lowest of
times maybe like at my little point
right good for you so so I see this is
interesting so I think this is different
because you would think because they're
saying the very things that you actually
like Lily to actually believes but you
tell me that at your lowest of low maybe
so I think that something something
within you rebels against that and
actually doesn't believe that I don't
want to believe in that of course you
don't want to believe it I'm not asking
what you want I'm asking what you do do
you actually believe them when they say
these things about you I can just that
by little points yeah yeah I I think
it's good that you don't believe them
that doesn't mean that it isn't hurtful
but I don't think that this is the same
is you feeling like do they make you
feel inadequate I think it's more like
they're triggers for like more thoughts
like they'll mention like oh you did
this so he cheated on you then I'm like
I know I didn't but then Lily I would
think like I did do a up I wasn't like a
little clingy I guess I guess I was like
that like I guess okay so they they kind
of caused you to doubt some but it's not
like you you feel like these people are
or you hit the nail on the head no no no
I don't think so okay
okay
okay there there are three or four
things I want to say one of them I think
could be hard for you to hear and the
other three I think are gonna be fine so
the first is we can talk a little bit
about understanding like why people hate
right so this is not even about you it's
just like what on earth would possess
someone to go through all of the effort
of finding out your address and then
writing you a seven-page late letter and
like mailing it like so first of all it
boggles my mind that someone would like
I can't even it takes every ounce of my
willpower to like put us like find a
stamp buy an envelope print something
out and mail it even if it's like
important like my mortgage but they did
it in a different color
like paper and pen color I remember so
it was it it's crazy like what on earth
why do people expend so much energy in
hating you so the first thing to
understand is that that has nothing to
do with you like Lily I know I was
talking about how you were amazing and
inspirational and you can transform
lives and all that good stuff I don't
think you have it within you to inspire
someone to mail something that comes
from them it doesn't come from you does
that make sense yeah that make sense so
that's the first thing to understand is
that this actually has nothing to do
with you and there's a decent chance
that you know we have to be a little bit
careful about like being narcissistic
and saying like oh my haters like it's
just all on them and has nothing to do
with me so I think you should you know
reflect like if someone if you have a
criticism like if someone criticizes you
so some people criticize me and I think
that's fair you know to take their
criticism seriously and that sort of
depends on the way in manner in which
they do it right so if someone sends me
a letter that's seven pages long I don't
like magazine type of different colors
like I don't I mean I'm just less likely
to take that seriously because that's
just [ __ ] weird right where I
sometimes people say like oh what you're
doing is irresponsible and stuff like
that no those are like legitimate
criticisms and
and who knows but I so there's a chance
there's ego deflecting this and saying
oh it's all in them but I really think
it's all on them I don't think it's ego
I think it's just understanding that
hatred comes from them like first of all
they don't even know you they're like
seeing something and something grates
with them about the person that you have
become they have to tear you down
because if you exist that is something
that they cannot like tolerate within
their own psyche and I've dealt with
people like this in in my own life where
like you know like this is kind of like
important like that like in a way
they've constructed a shell for
themselves and the shell involves like
certain things being true like for
example so I think part of the reason
that you may get a lot of hate is
because you talk about depression and
and when someone says like I'm just
gonna you know I have no idea who these
people are and and some people were
saying I should talk to them I'm happy
to talk to them actually but I'm just
gonna toss something out there okay this
is so like you talk about depression and
you struggle with depression and there
are other people out there who struggle
with depression and there are people who
struggle so much with depression that
they become disabled and they're not
able to do anything with their lives
and they blame their depression but
there's also a bizarre amount of
security in that depression because it
absolves you of responsibility and here
comes [ __ ] Lillee Picchu who also
struggles and got told by her mom like
God like you know really emotionally
abused by her mom and told her that she
wouldn't rather be born and and that's
what my parents told me and here she is
being successful and that terrifies them
because if you can be successful then
it's not the depressions fault it's
their fault
so nothing inspires hate as much as
seeing the person that you could be that
inspires the deepest hate that I've ever
seen because they look at you and they
say like oh I could be like that but I'm
not so I have to tear her down because
if you're fake then they're fine does
that make sense a lot of so that's where
I think a lot of this hate comes from it
comes from them and it comes from their
own issues and they have to tear you
down in order to make themselves feel
better about like their own situation in
life Oh like heaven forbid Lily actually
is talented and brings value she must
have some trick right it must be like
she must be faking her voice because and
like I can't make that voice and that's
why I'm not successful like there's no
way that they can like their mind their
ego it comes down to ego their ego can
tolerate like you being the person that
you are because it assaults their
worldview in some way questions about
that um so you know I don't know that
this necessarily helps but I think you
know going forward I would just try to
remember that right so like you when
you're gonna read those words in in your
this is gonna come to point number two
which is that you are just full of love
and we'll get to that in a second but
you know like you're gonna you're gonna
those words are gonna have an impact on
you but remember that like a lot of hate
in this world doesn't I mean most hatred
is not actually like I mean sometimes
it's it's really deserving of the person
who did it but most of the time like
hatred is like coming from them in like
their own sense of like hurt or anger or
fear or I mean that's you know when I
get hatred like when I get a patient
who's like you know I get a lot of hate
like I work in a lot of situations where
you know sometimes I'll involuntarily
hospitalized people and things like that
or I'm working with people who were
hospitalized against their will
and and sometimes I work with people who
are like psychotic like not in a
colloquial sense but in like a clinical
sense and and so that you know you can
my overwhelming sense is that hate
rarely has to do with you and it mostly
has to do with them the other thing to
remember is if we think about hate hate
is like really kind of a manifestation
of anger right it's anger taken to
extreme agree understand with me okay
and so if we think about it what makes
us angry like where does angry come
where does anger come from
so like Lily over the last two months
sorry you know if I say something that's
insensitive because now I'm sort of
treating you in a different way but in
the last two months have you been angry
yeah where does that anger come from
hate
absolutely so this is the other thing to
understand is that the birthplace of
anger is hurt 99% of the time I don't
know maybe 90% is out maybe 50% of time
for the intensive purposes of this
discussion
it comes from hurt and that's been my
experience that hurt is what leads to
anger and I remember like reading like a
school shooters manifesto and just
thinking like the origin of this is
heart right and and it's like I'm not
you know I don't know exactly where I'm
going with this but this is important to
understand and so it's kind of sad but
that like those people like even though
they're hating you and you suffer for
that and that's not cool and we'll get
to that but at the end of the day like
this this is all born of like their hurt
and like because like if you think about
it you know if you're successful and
you're a reject and you went to
Community College and you have
depression they don't have a [ __ ]
excuse because those are their excuses
those that's what they live behind right
like that's that's the armor of their
life it's like they can look at me and
it's like way harder to hate me because
they look at me and they say oh dr. K is
different he's smarter he works hard he
has willpower went to Harvard they don't
see us as being the same
but the people who hate me are the ones
that see themselves within me like they
look at me and they see a part of
themselves and that can be terrifying to
deal with and that thought hurts so damn
much because if you have excuses for
life then it's okay but like the thought
that you actually are in control that if
you had worked harder or hadn't given up
or expended more effort your life could
be somewhere where it isn't that is
immensely hurtful most devastating thing
and then it leads to anger and it leads
to hatred and since they are depressed
and disabled and may not may have failed
out of Community College they have a
bunch of time on their hands and this is
I feel protective of you so I'm being an
[ __ ] to them which is not really good
but I have nothing better to do than to
write seven-page letters and mail them
to you right so I think the main thing
that we need to understand is like
members of this community who receive
hurt is that I mean I think we as best
as we're able I'm not saying you should
do this but as best as we're able to try
to remember that this actually is coming
from hurt that most anger comes from
hurt and that if someone is like hates
you that if there's some way in which
you can help that person I think you
should I think that's more my ballpark
than your ballpark so I'm not trying to
suggest that you should do that but
that's a big part of why I street so I
don't want to project that on you but
questions about that okay so second
thing about hatred is that Lily you're
incredibly empathic like right like I
think you and your just your heart is
just full of love and it's an amazing
beautiful thing and also sometimes sucks
for you because I think all right like
screaming being a public figure and
caring so much about everything is so
hard yeah and I wish I didn't carry so
much yep I wish you but so you're an
empathic sponge and your heart is just
full of love and caring and you have to
be careful
so I think part of the reason that like
the hatred bothers you is not because
and this is why I was like early on I
started asking like do you believe that
about yourself I don't think this I
don't think the hatred actually has
anything to do with your lack of worth
like your lack of sense of self-worth I
think it's something completely
different and the reason that you suffer
for it is because you are just so your
heart is just so full of love and you
are so empathic that somehow
subconsciously psycho socially
spiritually I don't even know what this
is we're getting into territory that I
really do not understand and I'm just
observing you are able to connect with
that person and you feel not only their
hatred but the hurt underneath and I
think it's hard on you and I think
that's because you love and because you
care and because your heart is open that
like things affect you in a in like a
bigger way so like you know it's not
your fault it's not I mean generally
speaking I kind of think of it as good
but even then it's not good or bad it's
just you need to understand that you're
being whether it's your you know whether
you believe in souls or whatnot that's
fine
whether it's personality or neuroscience
like your empathic circuitry your EQ
something about the way that like your
brain is wired you feel the feelings of
others in a very deep and intense way
and also the intensity of your own
feelings is like greater so I would
guess that you test very very low on
like the sociopathy scale because your
empathy is actually very high so like
you're not you know I think it would be
hard for you to take advantage of other
people and things like that because yeah
and and so that's just the way you are
so you need to be careful about the way
in which you care for yourself because
you need to understand that like other
people like you can't judge what you
should do to take care of yourself based
on what you see other people do and yeah
so especially so I do I say this you're
doing nonsense
so I was confused about like what what
offline TV is because my quads were like
you should raid this person they're part
of the offline TV crew and like I didn't
understand literally what those words
meant like I don't understand what part
of the offline TV crew is like do you
guys understand how that sentence
doesn't like I don't even I just don't
like my head does not know how to
compute that so I was really confused
and I try not to prepare for interviews
which I think is good but then I googled
offline TV and I saw what offline TV was
uh and then I I watched some offline TVs
and so I'm gonna be very explicit with
you I I think you've got to be careful
because you're different from some of
your colleagues some of your colleagues
are different in terms of their degree
of empathy and also their degree of
sociopathy so like their ability to
withstand things and also to put
themselves like to separate out the
their feelings from their actions is
like very different from yours and you
need to take care of yourself in a
different kind of way like you need so
you need to think about yourself as a
sponge and you absorb negativity very
easily you hold on to negativity very
easily you also absorb positivity very
easily and you also let go of positivity
very easily so you need to have a life
where like your you know how to wring
out the sponge if it's negative and then
stick it into something that you like
but you gotta wring it out and the
reason you can't sleep is because you're
not wringing it out you got to wring it
out and then put yourself into something
good this isn't distractions just like
this is just how your being works so I'm
different I test very highly on the
sociopathy scale my sense of inherent
empathy is very like was low and and so
like I'm different from you so the
things that work for me are not gonna
work for you I don't know exactly what
that means and I think we're gonna maybe
have a more concrete conversation about
how you can take care of yourself better
because I think you do need to take care
of yourself batter in
by better I mean probably differently
because you're trying to take care of
yourself in the way that normal people
take care of themselves but you're not a
normal person you're just way too full
of love and so you've got to take care
of like I don't know what the ringing
out is gonna be but it may be a
particular meditation exercise I have
one in mind
which also is for insomnia but it's also
just acknowledging that like you need to
think about yourself as like a white
cloth and a white cloth stains way
faster but a white cloth you can also
bleach so you're gonna have to be a
little bit more rigorous about
understanding what are the things that
make you feel how do you let go of
negative emotions and then how do you
soak up positive emotions and the more
that you're able to think about yourself
in that way and like actively do that
instead of just hope it happens the
better off you're gonna feel on a
day-to-day basis you're like a real-life
like healer you're like a healer from an
MMO yeah okay fine maybe maybe better
questions about being an empathic sponge
yeah so it and that's not that's not a
bad thing right so we don't want you to
change we just want you to at least in
my mind I don't think you should change
I don't think that's right I think what
you should do is learn how to be
yourself and learn how you work so that
you can be like happy day-to-day and
like understand what your body what your
physical emotional and spiritual needs
are and that those may be different from
other people's okay I mean everyone's
are different from other people's
because we're all unique so we can think
a little bit about that I think that's a
potentially a longer conversation okay
so the last thing is like you know it
related to this is that you're just
gonna have to sort of deal with that
hate because when they send you the hate
like you absorb it and and it doesn't
feed your negative cognitive biases
about yourself and that you're worthless
it's just I think you just absorb it
you're like you know and and that's
tough so once again it comes to figuring
out like how do you wring out that
sponge
how can you sort of sit with those
feelings
don't try to push them away don't try to
cope with them I mean cope with them but
like you know if you need to but but
don't try to distract yourself just feel
those feelings and then kind of think
through okay like just recognize that
wow this person like has a lot of anger
and hatred and they're directing it
towards me so I'm gonna feel it but then
as best as you can let it wash through
you okay and figure out what are the
things that help emotions wash through
you yeah
is figuring that I was the hardest part
yeah um that's what I'm saying I think
I'm doing you in a sense of disservice
because I'm I'm telling you to do
something that I don't think that most
people are trained to learn how to do so
I'm giving you a goal I'm sort of saying
like oh like you know come up with a
grand unified theory of physics and
you're like I don't know how to do that
I'm like yeah I get that it's you know
so that's why I say yeah so III think so
I mean we could talk very concretely in
a few minutes about like what the first
phase of that is yeah so just just to
remember that that paint is gonna come
on to you but that you can let that go
like that's possible you just need to
process it and and also you know try as
best as you can try to remember and like
hopefully this will help that like the
hates not coming I mean it's not really
about you it's about them like what the
[ __ ] like why why do they go through all
this effort to try to hurt you in some
way and now we come to the thing
questions thoughts yeah can I go the
bathroom yes sorry
nope go for it
you
should I be talking right now I'm
confused maybe I should talk I was
I shall interact with scream for a few
moments
oh yes so psychiatrists test intend to
test highly on the sociopathy scale it's
part of what makes us govern our job
what are you drink I'm drinking water
tell people who I am
oh oh right so there are a lot of new
people here I feel I sometimes okay so
my name is all okay noise I'm a
psychiatrist
thank you chat I need you guys I really
need you guys okay so my name is all
O'Connor I'm a psychiatrist I'm
practicing in Boston Massachusetts in my
day job I'm an addiction psychiatrist I
guess very briefly just about my
backstory so I played a ton of video
games was addicted to video games in in
growing up high school almost failed out
of college had less than a 2.0 GPA was
on academic probation ended up going to
India to find myself etc loved it
because I sort of discovered the Olga
and meditation and I Reza decided to
become a monk sort of trained in yoga
and meditation I was still like coming
back and forth between the US and India
with the goal of becoming a monk so did
that training for about seven years and
then ended up becoming going to medical
school and became a psychiatrist and a
neuroscience research for a while and so
now I tried to help people understand
themselves a couple years ago I'm doing
a quick intro Lily because people were
suppose myself and so a couple years ago
started like asking some of my like
professors and stuff about video game
addiction and realize like no one really
knows anything about video game
addiction because the leaders in the
field of Psychiatry are in their 50s 60s
or 70s just true of most of medicine
like if you think about an expert in the
field like if you think about you know
people who get named to like fend chair
and and things like that people who are
CEOs and and things like people are
older and so they've never played video
games they don't understand what gaming
is like so I started working with gamers
about five years ago and then recently
started streaming on Twitch because like
you know gamers are not gonna wind up in
my office so if I want to talk to people
about
their mind and mental health and how to
understand it that twitch is the right
thing to do and that seems to have
worked out so far because people seem to
enjoy this kind of thing so I enjoy it
too and so that's who I am yeah so last
thing yeah okay so this self deprecation
this is important to understand
okay I'm gonna I'm kind of spent so I'm
gonna just do this quickly and maybe you
need no no I I'm just I'm just I guess I
don't mean to make you feel bad I just
can't walk you to this in the way that I
normally do okay and so sometimes I also
find I'm afraid that this could sound
hurtful or callous because usually I
preface things pretty well okay so I
think it's very good Lily that you
understand that the self you sort of
self deprecated your I mean I think
sometimes you know self deprecation is
really not has nothing to do with the
way you feel about yourself it's just
like the way that you're funny like it's
your mode of humor but I think there is
something very true that you said about
you know if you unless if you put
yourself down then others can't hurt you
yeah right so you can you can protect
yourself from hurt as long as you're the
one who's like making fun of yourself
like as then you're in control and and
that sort of works it's a survival
mechanism I'd be really curious if you
would like bullied growing up because
that's something that people learn how
to do to protect themselves bullies and
it's dangerous because you are willing
to treat yourself badly because there's
certainty and security in that like
that's something you can deal with its
territory that you know you're willing
to beat up on yourself or not let
yourself feel hopeful or successful
because if you aren't successful Lily
you can't be disappointing to anyone
kyoool right so your fear when we talk
to Lily to remember what is Lily to feel
what's a primary feeling was the word
used disappointment Oh dread of
disappointment right so you have you
have like this perfect armor against
everything that Lily to dreads and that
perfect armor is that you don't become
successful because if you're never
successful you can't be disappointed and
if you can't be disappointed
then Lily too has nothing to worry about
because her fears will never come to
pass and that is very protective and it
is I think a bad way to live life and
now we're gonna come to Albert because
you've engaged in a relationship where
you loved and you gave your entire heart
and you got devastated and now you're
hesitant to love again and it's the same
thing because unless you let yourself
become successful you can't be
disappointed and there's a lot of
security security and comfort in not
letting yourself love again yeah and I
think it's the wrong move it doesn't
mean you have to do it now mm-hmm
but that's just that's a value judgment
that I'm placing I'm not saying that you
should do that it's just I have a bias
and I have a belief that living a life
of security and comfort is not how you
live a fulfilling life that a life of
fulfillment comes out of facing
uncertainty and embracing uncertainty
and taking a chance and part of what
devastates all of these people about you
lily is that like you are doing the
thing that they did not do which is that
you took a chance and you faced up to
like all of your demons and you started
streaming and you did it inconsistently
and you self-deprecating soft but you
you walked the very uncertain road which
is why I think you're amazing because
you walk that road and you did it and it
terrifies them because they look at you
and they see the person that they could
be
and so at some point I hope you're
willing to walk that road of uncertainty
again when it comes to engaging in a
relationship you know because I think
that there is a lot of joy and
fulfillment in that but it's dangerous
in the prospect yes very scary and so
not saying it has to be anytime soon
mm-hmm but when I kind of think about
someone who is as full of empathy and
love as you are and who clearly
resonates with people and helps them in
a profound way and I think about you
sort of living like at the age of 60 if
you're kind of alone and I've never you
know being in the same vocation that's
kind of sad like that thought makes me
sad and I think you deserve more
and I'm not saying that you know
Albert's a good guy or bad guy or
anything I'm just saying like you as a
human being I think people deserve to be
loved and cherished and appreciated I
hope for that maybe one thing
commitments might scare you that yeah
that's why I think that's healthy
reasonably yeah okay other thoughts
questions this was a really nice
conversation I enjoyed it a lot too
I really liked it thank you you're very
welcome
do people have questions for you are we
doing questions I don't know hold on do
you want to or you spent okay let me
just um because we have some questions
for you okay oh and also we need to t I
need it we need to do meditation
okay let's do meditation first and if
people have questions for Lily then
y'all can ask them so I'm gonna teach
you a really simple meditation technique
which I think will hopefully will help
unclear but it's a meditation technique
that I usually teach for people who have
trouble sleeping do you meditate by the
way
no okay okay that's great we'll start
fixing that problem today so so what I
want you to it we were talking about you
kind of being an emotional sponge so
when you wake up in the morning Lily
when you're not in a period of
depression how do you usually feel I
wake up I wouldn't bet eyebrows write it
for like three hours
not big eyes and does eyebrows write it
um just think what I would have to do
today [ __ ] have to do that well god damn
it I didn't do that yesterday uh-huh how
do you that when you first wake up
really lazy okay okay yeah that may be
because you're not getting enough sleep
but okay so um you know I I don't know
if this is actually true but but
generally speaking I think about the
mind is being relatively fresh in the
morning and then if we think about
insomnia what happens is like over the
course of the day like it's easy to go
to bed in the morning right uh-huh it's
easy to fall asleep in the morning but
it's hard to fall asleep at night so
something changes between morning and
night and we have to understand what
that is that prevents you from sleeping
at night because it's definitely not
there in the morning so I think a lot of
people don't appreciate that as they go
through the day is you have thoughts
like you're having that creates a little
bit of anxiety a little bit of tension
like oh I didn't do that it creates
regret and those negative emotions the
more that you think like oh I didn't do
this and I did do this like even though
you may feel like going back to sleep
how
does that affect your ability to sleep
um not comfortable absolutely yes so
when you try to go to bed at night what
is it that keeps you awake I don't know
I need you have thoughts I do I think a
lot yep I just think a lot about what
well first I need to get off reddit that
could take like hours there's so many
separate us out there it's crazy
um and then I just think like a lot of
what-ifs a lot okay a lot okay yeah okay
so that's I'm thinking that maybe we
need to teach you something else but I'm
gonna continue teaching when I was
playing teacher but that's just changed
my sense of what what could be helpful
to you but my sense is that you know
when when we wake up in the morning it's
relatively easy to go to sleep and as we
go through the day we start to have
thoughts and those thoughts have like
little emotional impacts so we take like
a little bit of emotional damage and
usually that damage is there because the
thought is not incomplete I mean if the
thought is incomplete it's not like
resolved so we think about something and
it's like something that's left
unresolved and it's kind of this little
emotional weight that needs to be
settled so if you're thinking oh I
didn't do this yesterday then that's
like a little bit of regret and a little
bit of guilt and you're not quite at
peace with that does that make sense
in fact the thoughts of like guilt and
regret are a sign of lack of peace you
with me like you're not at peace about
it which is why you regret it
those are like tide so basically what
happens is throughout the day we have
little instances either thoughts or
encounters with people we're like oh I
say this and like let's say like at the
end of tonight if I'm laying in bed and
I say oh I should have said this to Lily
I forgot to say this I was less
compassionate than I could have been or
this or that and so there are all things
that happen throughout the day that sort
of give us this like it's like we're
absorbing a little bit of that stuff in
our emotional sponge and then as we
accumulate all that crap through
the day then we go to bed and we just
have this flood of like random thoughts
about all kinds of stuff half of which
is not good yeah right so that's like
I'm like just in complete mental energy
that we've accumulated through the day
because our experiences are not complete
or processed they're all like half done
like I walked in the grocery store and
there was this chick and she was
checking me out
I was like oh yeah like like there's
that thought or I was walking down the
street and there was this chick and she
was looking at my hair because it was
ridiculous oh my god
I'm mortified that's oh there are all
these incomplete little things that
happen right so yeah I'm going to do
meditations they trying to complete all
of this sort of this meditation is is
way easier than completing them because
completing them is a lot of work it's
actually unwinding so I want you to
think about your mind in the morning is
unwound and as you go through the day
you kind of wind it up like it gets
round right like you get like tense and
you get energy and then at night you
have like insomnia so this technique is
relatively simple it's just you start at
the end of your day so you start in the
moment so you're laying in bed and then
you go through your day in reverse order
so you start with the most recent thing
and then you go to the thing before and
then you go to the thing before and you
go to the thing before and you just
think through the emotional impact or
you acknowledge the emotional impact you
don't have to process anything you just
think like you just acknowledge the
emotions that you felt and how you felt
the moment before in the moment before
and the moment before and the goal is to
left leave yourself being unwound at the
beginning of the morning when you were
tired and sleepy and then if you get
good at the technique so this is
important to remember is that like
meditation is a skill so you have to
practice this technique for a period of
about eight weeks five times a week for
it to really have a significant change
on your sleeping pattern that's what you
should expect and so I'll give you just
kind of an example right so like I was
before I got into bed I brushed my teeth
before I brush my teeth I changed my
clothes and
and I saw and as I was changing my
clothes my wife yelled at me because
instead of putting clothes in the hamper
I put them on the floor actually clothes
on the floor and I felt irritated with
her and before that I was reading my
kids a bedtime story and that felt
actually really amazing because they're
very cuddly but then one of them was
like moving around too much and she
wasn't sitting still so I felt
frustrated with her I also felt like
annoyed that my other kid couldn't hear
a story because I was dealing with the
wiggly one and before that I was eating
dinner and I felt kind of frustrated
because like I wanted to eat chicken
wings but instead say comfy I'm sorry
yeah so so I mean welcome didn't feel
that way to me but I mean I recognize
there parts of it better wholesome but
but so to basically go through your day
in reverse order and so like acknowledge
the things that you felt so let's
practice now and as you feel comfortable
let's so close your eyes and and start
in reverse order so what tell me about
what you did today today yeah so we're
gonna start now what you did and how it
made you feel was wrong with this moment
I talked to you felt cathartic actually
helped me a lot um then I was looking
for my glasses for about an hour it made
me very frustrated cuz I think I still
haven't found my glasses I'm wearing
someone else's glasses or you know
actually okay so good this is a mistake
I'm just going off on a tangent
yes very good so this is a problem so
don't indulge in new lines of thought
just acknowledge I felt frustrated that
I could not find my glasses and then
move to the thing before good hey
frustrated could not find my glasses uh
I drank a lot of water cuz I was sick
felt better I had a cough drop because I
was sick also felt better um I put some
makeup on cuz ya felt better
um wash my face changed woke up I guess
that's my day okay
so I want you to how long ago did you
wake up around how many hours sorry I
completely forgot one more thing um
before that eyebrows right if for like
an hour to me people okay I woke up at
like 9:00 so now what we need to do is
increase the resolution of like zoom in
more right so like there are a lot of
things so did you feel something before
you came on stream I did I felt very
anxious actually threatens oh so this
technique doesn't work unless you catch
that right because like the the feelings
that you acknowledge are the things that
you unwound but unless you acknowledge
the anxiety that anxiety is gonna sit
with you okay yeah so so in the span of
like you know 30 to 60 seconds you went
through your entire day we need to spend
five minutes like so you want to go
through each thing that happened okay
okay so so yeah that's okay that's the
point of the technique is this it's not
supposed to be easy the point of the
technique is so that it it trains you to
acknowledge the various things that
happen throughout the day so that you
can unwind them a little bit and then
they're weighing on you less okay so I
think let's try this one more time and
why don't you start with last night so
pretend that you're in bed last night
and try to go I'll stop you after like
two or three minutes okay but like put
yourself in the frame of mind of like
what did you do like you were in bed
last night and start there
okay was in bed then I washed up then
how did you feel when you washed up
relieved oh yeah
relieved I felt relieved when I washed
up because I had a long day um uh then
some people dropped me off home before
that we watched a movie and the movie
was entertaining it's funny I enjoyed it
how was the car ride home uneventful it
was just the car ID okay before that I
was with my friend Michael we went to a
premier event was exciting we streamed
for hours and hours um most fun then
before that car ride to the event
uneventful again and before that got
makeup hair stylist done but just also
exciting machine gun as well um before
that uh ordered food eight wasn't very
hungry but it's late and then before
that
well browsed right it probably washed up
a little browser edit I guess okay so
great so I think you're doing a far
better job at sort of incorporating
different things throughout your day but
something tells me that the majority of
your emotion yesterday maybe this isn't
right but that the did you have trouble
sleeping last night I have trouble
sleeping every night okay
so I'm curious about the little the
little anxieties fears dreads that you
may have had throughout the day I did
miss a lot actually I had a big problem
with the streaming backpack it was super
stressful I don't know I didn't see it
Wow um yeah I was so stressed about that
cuz I didn't know if we could stream or
distressed mean um I was like anxious I
get nervous and I was feeling like
overwhelmed about the topic okay
um at the event too I was really tired
super physically exhausted super tired
um okay good so lily I think this is
this is good so you need to practice the
technique sort I would say is that you
know as as you now that you're kind of
you can even do sort of the flipside of
the technique which is as you're going
through your day just take note of how
you feel so that you can do the
technique at night the other thing that
you're not allowed to do so it's great
that you acknowledge these things now if
you're really doing the technique like a
hard-ass you start over at the beginning
and you include those with everything
else okay don't do that yeah let's try
it one more time okay so yesterday yes
from the moment I woke up on the moment
you went to sleep
backwards is really hard yes it's harder
than yeah okay so washed up felt good
cuz I had a long day um I was closed
okay um eat some food did not feel like
it I wasn't hungry but I made myself II
because I didn't eat much that day car
ride home was uneventful relieved to go
the event itself was fun but tiring um
just really tiring but I kind of wanted
to go home to uh then the car ride to
the event was kind of stressful because
we were trying to work out the stream
there was some problem with the screen I
remember it was super cool I was very
cool and then bring a jacket I was a
mistake and before that the hair makeup
was fine but I was also still stressed
because I wasn't sure if the screen was
gonna be good that day and I didn't know
if the backpack was gonna work on before
I start to stream before the makeup we
were trying to fix the backpack for a
long time I was stressed because I
didn't know what to do and I felt bad
cuz I was relying on my goal to fix it
and I couldn't help then ordered food
Dallas oak
I wasn't that hungry but just ate cuz I
was nervous about that day oh I had an
eyelash appointment that morning I
forgot that was kind of okay I fell
asleep during the most of it because you
just lay there for two hours then I woke
up oh I auditioned for something that
morning too
I was very tired so I was kind of
nervous because I wasn't sure if my
voice sounded good in the morning and I
was sick too and then I woke up at 8:00
so what do you notice about the first
run in the second run I forgot so many
pings Wow so that's all crap that is
swimming around in your unconscious it's
just like I can't believe I forgot all
of that yeah right so living a life like
where you're where you're mindful of
like moments and things like it's very
hard it takes practice I think you're
doing a fantastic job I'm amazed by how
much progress you've made between like
one run and so keep practicing yeah yeah
closing your eyes this huh very good
okay so let's see I think I think that's
let me see if people have questions for
you okay so
Sheena's how do I get healing like this
if I cannot afford the expense of a
therapist or psychiatrist so that's why
we're training coaches so I'm like
training a dozen coaches who are gonna
be working hopefully with people and our
beta program is gonna be free at some
point though we're gonna probably have
to charge something because you know
they can't continue to volunteer their
time but and it's gonna be it's not it's
not like it's not treatment so it's
gonna be like cheap so maybe like 40
bucks an hour or something like that
so okay
okay so someone says you had mentioned
with Kevin to not live in a world with
hypotheticals I know Kevin is but after
getting cheated on the first time I
started living in a world of what if my
next girlfriend cheats on me
in my case my next girlfriend did how do
you let go of the hypothetical if it was
correct once what do you think Willie um
how do you I don't even know I don't I
wish I knew that now - yeah
I still think what if my next boyfriend
cheats on me or I'm scared of that still
yeah so I think it's a great question
right so I think that's the challenge is
that each time you get hurt you can fear
engaging in the relationship again and
so that sort of makes sense like it can
be hard every time every time that you
know you get hurt it can be hard to
shake that thing again and again and and
I've talked about something called a
some scar which is sort of like a ball
of undigested emotion or trauma before
and I think when I talk about Lilly -
for example I'm talking about in
Sanskrit Lilly - is something called a
some scars so it's like this this sort
of dormant set of emotions that rise up
and change Lilly's thought patterns and
behaviors and then they go dormant again
and she's back to being normal Lilly so
each time you get emotionally hurt and
you don't process it the strength of the
some scar grows so if we look at Lilly
we see that Lilly has this persistent
sense of self judgment in disappointment
and falling short because that she
didn't get told that she was
disappointing once she got told she was
disappointing again and again and again
and again and each time she gets told
she's disappointing that thing grows and
what we see is like what we see today
right which is this persistent negative
self-critical kind of like it's like
subtitles like you're living your normal
life and these subtitle thoughts are
just like popping up and you
struggle because you're trying to like
stop the subtitles and it's kind of okay
because you're actually still living
life but the subtitles are there it's
really [ __ ] annoying so with the with
the girlfriend I think you've got to
understand that each time it happens
it's gonna create some emotional weight
and that you have to sort of learn how
to like face uncertainty again and step
out of your security and comfort zone
which is a little bit of an unsatisfying
answer the other thing that you've
really got to be careful about is that a
lot of times people get into similar
relationship patterns and from
psychiatry this is something we call the
repetition compulsion that people tend
to essentially like try to repeat the
same they end up repeating the same
thing over and over again because
they're trying to like fix something and
a good example of this is people who are
in abusive relationships often times
we'll get into abusive relationships
again and they'll get into abusive
relationship after abusive relationship
after abusive relationship so the other
thing that you can do and I know this is
gonna sound kind of weird but you can
look at like how you select the people
that you end up dating because there's a
chance that you you gravitate towards a
certain kind of person who is more
likely to be unfaithful and I know that
sounds crazy and it sounds kind of like
you know I'm not I'm not trying to blame
you but at the same time we actually had
an interesting early on when we started
streaming we had a great conversation
with someone who found that like Heath
he gets into the same relationship
patterns over and over again and a lot
of people do experience that they get
into the same relationship patterns like
over and over again like why do I always
date [ __ ] like Oh like there may be
a reason for that you know so so I think
one thing that you can do is just learn
how to sort of emotionally process that
hurt and then hopefully it'll be eat I
mean it's gonna be harder but each time
it happens it's understandably a harder
to like have faith in another person and
that's normal the second thing that you
can do is really look at the ways in
which your your kind of selecting people
and is something going on in terms of
the kind of person that you gravitate
towards or things like that do you
ignore signs that the relationship isn't
going well there are a lot of other
things that you can practice
we do which I feel like it's kind of a
mean answer but I mean it's true right
like you you were right once and you
were right again and that's bad that
sucks
okay can you do a day in the life video
I guess that's for me or you I don't
know what that's for you - what is that
day in the life is like a video where
you just show you view the day in the
life of me I wake up I do this I do that
you know make it interesting maybe draw
it out you know anything maybe it's for
me I don't know but yeah okay okay so
let's people have questions about a
psychiatrist psychosis is the experience
for people with very high IQs similar as
in are they mostly depressed and lonely
no so one thing that is similar is that
the the US Department of Defense did a
study on their soldiers and found that
soldiers who play video games have an IQ
that's 10 to 20 percent higher than
soldiers who don't play video games so I
do actually genuinely believe that
gamers are like general that being very
intelligent is actually a risk factor
for video game addiction and there's a
very simple reason for that it's not
like super complicated so I'll tell you
guys so I was early on and when I
started working with gamers I was
talking to a very particular gamer and I
asked him you know when did you like
really like video games and like how did
you get into them and the story they
told me like blew my mind and has stuck
with me ever since and they said that so
I was in the second grade and I went to
school and my teacher gave me a math
worksheet and I knew how to do the math
so I did the worksheet and then 10
minutes later I went and I handed in the
worksheet and then I said can I have the
next one and Lily what do you think the
teacher said what happens when you turn
in your worksheet in class what do you
think
no yeah that's exactly says she says
this is the worksheet for the day we're
gonna do another one tomorrow right
that's how school works like you have a
lesson plan for the day and if you're a
smart kid and you finish it early then
you get to sit and wait and read quietly
by yourself and then he would go home
and he would play a video game and Lily
he would beat level one of the video
game and then what happened next what
happens after you beat level one
absolutely
absolutely right so like a video game is
something that paces its challenge to
your capabilities and and and school
moves at the rate of the slowest kid and
so I think that like very early on like
people like smart kids gravitate towards
video games because they actually get
challenged in a game the way they can't
in real life so I you know when I work
like I was recently working with a kid
and my solution to his video game
addiction cuz he's a he's a big-time
anyway he's he's a successful player in
a particular game is to like hook him up
with an internship at MIT so I called a
buddy of mine who is has a start-up at
MIT and was like hey can you like take
this kid he's 15 they're like we have
600 applicants for interns and I was
like yeah but this gets different he's
special and the kid goes to to do the
internship and now he's not playing many
games anymore because he realizes oh
there's actually like really cool
challenging stuff in the world that I
can engage in and and like when you do
that it you know that's how you kind of
get free from your addiction but I do
think that that generally speaking I see
a lot of correlation between
intelligence and video game addiction
although I don't necessarily think that
intelligence leads to being depressed
and lonely because you know I would say
that for example so I guess I didn't
mention this in my bio but I'm faculty
at Harvard Medical School and I trained
there and a lot of people they're smart
but I don't think that their average
experiences to be depressed and lonely
I think gamers who are very intelligent
oftentimes are depressed and lonely
but that's because like games give them
what real life can't and as they move
away from real life and gravitate more
towards games then they become depressed
similarly sorry I don't think it's just
the IQ it's like a combination of like
the way that gaming influences your life
just trying to see ok
did you talk to her about Dharma I don't
think so
sort of so Padma is something I talked a
lot about in stream and it's the Sun
script word for duty or responsibility I
sort of talked to her about it because I
told her so but I didn't talk about it
explicitly because I didn't think it was
kind of just random I didn't think it
was relevant
I mentioned yeah so so what I did talk
about Lilly is like why do you stream
because I like it and it's a good job
yeah so you like it and it's a good job
yeah and what is it what do you like
about streaming um I think it's a very
unique job but um I take the word lucky
now but I'm lucky to have and I don't
want to waste it I don't wanna waste the
opportunity yeah but what do you like
about it
I like talking with my chat like talking
about feeling I like drawing blinking
yeah
do you think that your is there some
part of you that feels like streaming is
you're making the world a slightly
better place
Oh 60% me me it's hard it's hard it's
hard you think that it is right so I
don't think you're ready to accept that
but I think earlier on you were there
yeah and and so now her mental patterns
have returned so like now she's back to
sit but it's good that you can recognize
that 60 playing no that's but that's the
Dharma right so I think we talked about
it but we just didn't call it what it
was I mean I think you're genuinely
connecting with a lot of people yeah
they come back
[Music]
okay so I think those are all the
questions that sort of relate to you I
mean they're all kinds of questions
about porn addiction and stuff but I
don't think but yeah anyway thanks a lot
Lilly no thank you this is really great
I'm really happy I got to talk to you
yeah I I really enjoyed talking to you
and and you know if if you want to talk
more practically if you ever want to
talk again just you know let us know and
then the second thing is Makai a little
bit more in terms of guidance in terms
of helping you understand how to wring
out your sponge and how to absorb good
stuff and like actually like you know
give you something concrete that you can
do but let's start with the meditation
type of technique and let me know how
that works for you and there's a decent
chance that's gonna be very hard to do
like cuz you just won't remember so I
can problem solve around that too okay
hey all right take care thank you thank
you
actually let me ask you real so do you
guys think you guys like wait but did
you all understand you guys can do that
meditation technique - do you guys want
a different one or are we good that's
meditation what we told her - you should
just do that
okay Lily can I teach you one more
meditation technique oh yeah sure sure
yeah okay
so sorry for almost hanging up okay but
we're not done with you yet so I want
you to we're gonna do mm-hmm let me
think
do you guys want to do something easier
anxiety-provoking Lily if you have to go
I can just teach this to stream directly
don't worry I have a burger I want to be
here mm-hmm
anxiety-provoking okay so we're gonna do
own chanting then so I'm gonna teach you
how to chant okay and we're gonna do um
chanting so ohm is composed of three
syllables ah hoo and and this is gonna
be weird okay okay so we're gonna chant
so I'll demonstrate once
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's hard for a couple of hours no
anxiety spiking holy crap yeah right so
this is the goal of the technique is
that when all of you guys do it like the
thought of doing it does what for you it
makes me embarrassed and like I don't
want to do it on stage
yes exactly that's the point right so if
we're gonna teach you how to deal to to
make your anxiety melt away we have to
make you anxious first right so it's
gonna work well trust me trust me 2:46
p.m. iike do you need to go no I'm just
making a joke okay okay so it's okay so
yeah but chanting is and you guys should
do this at home too okay chanting is not
about sound
it's about vibration so close your eyes
deep breath in
okay are you feeling vibration yeah I'm
so nervous right now good that's fine
that's that's completely fine don't
worry about it
so we're gonna do it again okay so deep
breath in I'm gonna hit listen to you do
it on your own kay so deep breath in
eyes closed
no more opening your eyes for the rest
of the practice okay okay
deep breath in begin ah sorry that's
okay
laughs embarrassment
good good okay deep breath in good keep
going one breath yeah full breath go
you
okay good now do five rats and five
rounds
again yeah yeah can you hear me I said
do five breaths so I want you to take
five deep breaths I'm gonna demonstrate
I'm gonna do it with you okay we're
gonna do it together
so [ __ ] we're gonna do five breaths so
uh okay and focus on maximizing the
sensation of vibration that you feel in
your body where do you feel it in your
body when you chant
okay so maximize the sense of that
vibration okay I make off because my
throat is dry but we're gonna do five
breaths chat we're gonna do it - okay
do it with me Lily all I have to do yeah
we're gonna do together
so deep breath in
[Music]
again
last one make it count
[Music]
where's the anxiety
I don't really feel it I'm gonna go I
don't know left
it does I feel yeah you feel what uh
comer like just calm like that was but
let's let's be clear right that was
[ __ ] weird
that was weird but it it I guess I find
the third fourth time only okay isn't
that yes yeah right so longer breaths
more vibration seven rounds on your own
I don't twitch at - okay but that's the
whole point is we want to make you you
are super super anxious we've been
talking about all kinds of stuff
how Albert was unfaithful how feelings
hatred venom and you have not hesitated
comes to this I'm anxious and you just
got through it you just got through it
yeah that's amazing good job thank you
alright take care alright thank you so
much you're most welcome
adios
[Music]